[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome to my fourth
day back at University I believe
[Music]
so today I have got Harry Potter
scavenger hunts because if you didn't
already know and what Harry Potter
Committee this year helping out at the
Harry Potter fresh design duties this
week and it's really good fun they today
what scavenger hunt and I'm going to be
location
stationed at the great home with Anna we
have got three questions which they will
have to answer about the Great Hall in
Harry Potter and I did discovered your
hunt last year with Beth I actually
logged out on my channel if you're
interested in saying and I loved it so
I'm really excited for today I'm being
on the other side of the equation until
then I need to finish the school visit
plan
[Music]
[Laughter]
okay I'm very nearly dead no identity
have to be a favor in ours so I'm gonna
quickly record a voiceover for a video
which is the first my university vlogs
actually and then I going to get myself
some lunch and then I'll get started
working on this again when I've got
everything else done
[Music]
[Laughter]
okay I'm on my way now I'm going to be
at the Great Hall and I'm so excited for
this Asia so this was Anna and I in the
Great Hall and every now and then you
can see people coming in to answer our
questions the questions were from left
to right how were the house tables
arranged in the Great Hall in the books
number two how many people were sat at
the table on Christmas Day in 1993 and
number three at Christmas dinner at the
Great Hall what is hidden within the
flaming Christmas puddings
and then Anna had to leave a little cool
for some of the time okay so I'm in the
Great Hall at the moment has been going
on since 12:30 and it's now 2:30 ish
Anna had to go she's going back home for
a training session thing I am left alone
in this huge hall all by myself and it's
very strange it's a little bit airy
because it's so big so my question is
was JK Rowling inspired by this Great
Hall to create the Great Hall in the
Harry Potter and obviously it's very
very different much more modern but it's
huge and it's got the name Great Hall
I'm gonna stay for another 50 minutes
and then I can go we even had anyone
come through in like an hour
because everyone's already finished now
pretty much but I said that I'd stay so
I'm gonna stay and I did bring my book
say I'm think I'm gonna I'm rereading a
little princess again I read this every
year this is my tattered coffee
[Music]
because it was quite empty I just been
sat down I walked around the hall a few
times and then I sat down a red
[Music]
gets a little even an hour and three
quarters since we had anyone okay I'm
now going to get join some other people
in the - Society and some new potential
members I'm sorry they completely forgot
to film an eclipse just now but I just
met - really nice lovely new people Lara
and Emily now I'm heading back to my
accommodation to finish up at school
visit work just grabbed a few tiny bits
from the coop for dinner so actually one
of the things is for dinner I bought so
much hummus for the ear Harry Potter
picnic and I'm now left with pretty much
three food hubs but you're gonna go off
if I didn't eat them so I'm gonna make
some homers pasta sauce and then I can
freeze it and I can have have it another
time as well the main ingredient in this
one I found which it's amazing is
sun-dried tomato so I found a jar for
two pounds which is glue loads but I
really want to try this recipe and I
also put some lemon juice
[Music]
I just ate the most amazing amazing
pasta dish
I am going to knock this parcel which
has come through from Miss Katina I love
the way that they change their clothes
and this was very kindly sent to me by
this party man miss latina is my
favorite cleaning company I love love
it's just this thing is it's vintage but
it's kind of contemporary at the same
time and it's just all so unique if you
know my cat skirt the one with the
embroidered cats on which I wear all the
time yeah that's from his patina and
they kindly said I could choose three
pieces from their new collections just
say I love that booty I saw it on the
website I'm gonna open this one glass
because it's all I made six eyes about
that's such a nice material this hair is
a shirt that says stay curious on the
collar how beautiful is this
[Music]
let's just say old-fashioned and I'm
gonna be wearing this all the time I've
got another shot the first of all I'm
gonna open up this one this here is a
can of four drafts and if you can tell
already
that is a Sherlock Holmes theme to all
of their new items which is amazing like
they've got a shark Holmes collection
this is look at this pinafore
[Music]
I love love s now I can run the final
shot
[Music]
I got this one in a size medium I think
this will go really nicely with the
pinafore dress and there we go I think
that this collar goes a lot more nicely
with this pinafore dress I think the old
longer is nicely but I think this just
fits a well and I'm going to be wearing
this outfit for behind this button I am
now going to head out because there is a
meet and greet for Model UN Society and
I really want to get involved with
anyone this year it's just at the ROM
which is the student pub and I think it
lasts for like three hours but I'm only
going to stay for half an hour there I
thought we were meeting at the ROM and I
didn't check right before leaving which
is a really silly silly thing to do
because it's actually at last iguanas
which is on the other side of town which
is very annoying even though I'm going
to be late I'm gonna go back over I mean
I'm not sure if I'm gonna have time
because I need to be back by 8:00
I'm gonna get everything done
I came by but I thought it would be
quicker to get blasted on us from the
buttocks and the truck was right but I
came this way and it's a nostalgic
it's 7:30 and this is my favorite time
of day
not 7:30 with this kind of color of sky
so on days where it has one blue
obviously that still looks blue but it's
just dark and there's like Twilight but
not Twilight like pre Twilight and it's
dark enough that all the lamps have to
be learned
it's now 10 past 10 and I didn't get
back to you but I basically did some
meal prep I made some more about him as
pasta sauce and put it in the fridge and
then I basically just sat and chatted
with my flatmates for a while and now
I've got a video I need to edit this
evening
[Music]